#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Nov 24, 2010

*Present:* Sven, Yann, Micah, Peter

*Apologies:* Gabor.

*Micah’s XLIFF Representation Guide*
  * There were a number of comments on the XLIFF:Doc document.
Micah was asked how the terminology would work. He said that the TBX and XLIFF would be stored within the same package. It was also stressed that some way to link {{{<trans-units>}}} with terms would be very helpful.
  * The issue of licensing was raised. It was agreed that Sven would talk to his IPR lawyer about this. The purpose of any license is to allow people to use these documents and tweak where needed. We will also look at Open Source license. Sven has a comparison on this. 
  * Inline codes – Sven will check with his XLIFF guy on what his views are. Peter will ask people in the XLIFF TC what will be included in the core module of XLIFF 2.0.
  * The Target file issue – Micah asked our views on whether or not it should be possible to create the target from the XLIFF file. The advantages of having a skeleton file is that the translator can see the context and the target file can be created from the XLIFF file. Yan mentioned that they are using an XSLT file to provide translators with a preview. Sven suggested that the best solution would be to get the authoring companies to deal with this.

*Sven’s TIP Document*
  * Sven Transitivity and asked whether when a document is sent from TMS 1 to TMS 2 to TMS 3 is it the same document throughout the process or a different document between each set of tools. This proved a very difficult question. It was agreed that Sven would send out a question on this topic. 
  * Terminology – It was agreed to stick to TBX at present. 
  * Chase Tingly has added some comments and Yan will sit down with him to discuss this.
  * Peter to also talk with the Kilgray developers on the TIP document.

*Next Meeting*
  * Friday December 10, 2010 at 4 PM CET/ 7 AM PDT