#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Jul 22, 2011

*Attendees*: Sven, Micah, Chase, and Russ

==Action items from this meeting==
  * Follow-up with Kilgray about development by Fri. July 29 (Sven)
  * Set up presentation as a google doc by Fri. July 22 (Russ) - *Done*
  * Send out doodles to find a meeting times that works for 1) the next core team meeting and 2) a meeting with Alan and Arle to discuss the Container Project and MED Project by Fri. July 22 (Russ) - *Done*
  * Send out a doodle to schedule a meeting to discuss beta review feedback with the reviewers by Fri. July 29 (Russ)
  * Set up a meeting with Timo to discuss OnTram and GlobalSight development for the week of Aug 1 (Sven/Chase)
  * Send Sven xliff doc that exhibits extension validation issue by Fri. July 22 (Micah)
  * Work with Stephen to troubleshoot xliff extension validation problems by Fri. July 29 (Sven) 
  * Review and comment on proposed demo flow/scope by Fri. July 29 (Kilgray/Sven/Chase)
  * Share slides from past Interoperability Now talks by Fri. July 29 (Sven)

==Action items from last meeting==
  * Make use cases a google doc for easier collaboration by Fri. June 24 (Russ) - *Done*
  * Update xliff:doc spec based on recent discussions by Mon. June 27 (Micah) - *Done*
  * Update TIP package spec by Wed. June 29 (Chase) - *Done*
  * Update manifesto based on comments in email threads by Wed. June 29 (Peter) - *Rollover*
  * Send sample documents (HTML, Word, and XLIFF?) by Wed. June 29 (Sven) - *Rollover*
  * Follow-up with Gabor to try to get his time or see if there is anyone else who might be able to help provide feedback on the level of effort for MemoQ changes by Wed. June 29 (Peter) - *Rollover*

==Meeting notes==
1) Development
  * Sven will follow-up with Kilgray
  * Sven and Chase will set up a meeting with Timo to work on OnTram and GlobalSight development the week of Aug 1
2) Container Project and MED Project
  * Set up a meeting to talk to Alan and Arle
3) Beta review
  * Received feedback from 2/3 reviewers, other reviewer plans to send feedback next week
  * Set up a meeting to discuss feedback with the reviewers
4) How many files per xliff
  * Drop this from the xliff:doc spec
5) Help with xliff extensions
  * Sven will get Stephen to help
  * Micah will send a sample xliff document with the extensions that doesn't validate properly
6) Presentation
  * Russ will set up a google doc
  * Dev teams need to review and comment on proposed demo flow
  * Micah will start working on outline
  * Sven will post slides he's used for other talks so that we can leverage