#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Jan 6, 2012

*Attendees:* Sven (ONTRAM), Gergely (Kilgray), Jörg (BIOLOOM Group), Micah (Medtronic), Andrzej (XTM), Chase (Spartan), and Russ (Welocalize)

==Action items==
  * Update xliff:doc xsd (Sven)
  * Add word count suggestion raised by Andrzej to list of future items to address (Sven/Micah)
  * Schedule implementer meeting (Gergely)
  * Follow-up with Welocalize on implementer participation (Sven)
  * Circulate summary for LinPort response, we need to respond by Jan 11 (Chase)
  * Talk to Alan about joining LinPort calls (Chase)
  * Send out draft proposal (Peter)
  * Review and edit proposal, we need to submit by Jan 9 (Sven/Micah)
  * Update google code home page and send link for Sven to set up re-direct (Russ)

==Discussion==
1) xliff:doc
  * Micah posted updates
  * Sven will update xsd
  * Compatible with xliff 1.2?
    * We had to remove some of the restrictions in xliff
    * Will validate properly against 1.2
    * Extensions are in a different namespace
    
2) Word counts
  * Are these missing in xliff? Better to put in the package?
  * Stateless in the xliff file, everything in one place (content, terminology, etc.)
  * Add to list of future items

3) Implementation progress
  * Gergely needs list of team members and will set up a meeting this week
  * Need to set some goals and milestones
  * No feedback from Welocalize yet, Sven will follow-up with Derek

4) LinPort
  * Need to provide feedback by Jan 11
  * Chase will pull together summary and circulate
  * Chase will inquire about joining the LinPort calls, Jörg already attending

5) LocWorld
  * Submissions due by Jan 9
  * Peter volunteered to write a proposal, will send out today (Fri. Jan 6)
  * Discussed potential approaches and content
  * Micah and Sven will work on it today and over the weekend

6) Web site
  * Russ will update the home page and send re-direct to Sven