#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Aug 26, 2011

*Attendees*: Peter, Sven, Micah, Chase, and Russ

==Action items:==
  * Invite Across as another reviewer (Peter/Micah)
  * Meet to sync on development (Timo/Chase)
  * Add xliff:doc version to the header - dx:version (Micah)
  * Talk to Gabor to see if there's any way Kilgray can build something (Peter)

==Meeting notes==

===Feedback from 2nd round of review===
  * Only address critical items immediately, need to focus on getting ready for TM-Europe
  * Address everything else near or post-conference
  * Invite Across as another reviewer
  * TIPP feedback
    * TIPP and xliff:doc versions linked
    * Backwards compatibility
    * Add xliff:doc version to the header (dx:version)
    * For now ("pre-1.0"), we will not make this a requirement in order to make our own development easier

===Post TM-Europe===
  * Need to work out next milestone
  * More xliff:doc features
  * If we go 1.5 or 2.0 are we on track to developing a standard? Original intent was to avoid that.
  * We should keep the release cycles short
    * Do we need to worry about stability? We should cross that bridge when the time comes.
  * Some ideas on options:
    * Give work to XLIFF TC as representation guide
    * Continue work
    * Open it up
  * Would be helpful to have a vision of the future for preso
  * Concerned about turning it over too early, we need to be responsible for getting it in decent shape
  * Everyone involved in the group really wants to get it in shape to use/apply it
  * Establish at least a loose schedule so people don't do throwaway work
  * 3 months from now have something that is used in production. Sink or swim.
  * Try to firm it up in Warsaw

===Development status===
  * Planned demo
    * Ontram generates TIPP package - Include xliff:doc file, TM matches, terminology matches
    * Manually import or use web service to kick off a job in GlobalSight to translate
    * Translate with the online editor
      * Show segments, TM matches
      * Hopefully show terminology and comments
    * Save, GlobalSight generates target TIPP package
    * Manually export target TIPP package from GlobalSight and import into OnTram
  * Ontram working on prototype that includes xliff:doc schema and TIPP package
  * Peter will talk to Gabor to see if there's any way Kilgray can build something
  * Timo and Chase will meet over the phone vs. face-to-face

===Presentation===
  * Gabor will help present
  * Hotel wireless may note work, need a backup plan

===Logistics===
  * Sven is about to go back to Germany and may be back mid-September, or maybe not, depending on whether the US sits on his visa renewal