#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Oct 21, 2011

*Attendees*: Sven, Micah, and Russ (just at the tail end)

==Action items==
  * Post updated xliff:doc spec and schema by Wed. Oct 26 (Micah/Sven)
  * Follow-up with Alan on Linport questions from the team by Fri. Oct 21 (Chase)

==Discussed==
  * xliff:doc spec changes
  * Sven will follow-up with the group on involving other tool makers such as XTM

==Items for next meeting==
  * Need to resolve multilingual strategy