#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Jul 28, 2010

*Interoperability Now Meeting *28th July 2010

*Present*: Derek, Sven, Peter

*Apologies*: Gabor

*Discussion* 
  * Peter suggested that the issues for him was how to approach the WIKI and putting
  * Sven outlined his ideas on the WIKI
  * Manifesto should probably be the last thing written in the first phase of this project
  * Aims is something which we should list in a brain storming fashion and should be used to help us develop our ideas
  * evaluation of the status quo would also be something where we add as much information as possible.
  * Assumption and approach – Could be second phase of development
  * There are a number of events in September  and October where people are presenting including: Lisa’s DGT meeting, LRC XLIFF conference, Loc World USA, TM-Europe.
  * It was  agreed that we would add ideas by next Tuesday including who should invite to join the project.  We agreed that we should discuss people who we might invite to join through email and not the WIKI.
  * We agreed that everyone would put ideas on aims and evaluations by next Tuesday.
  * It was agreed that we should identify phases in the development.  Derek suggested the following phases:
    # TMS to TMS
    # Translator tools to TMS 
    # Project accounting systems to TMS
    # Engineering systems to TMS
    # Source system (CMS, DMS) to TMS