#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes March 16, 2012

*Attendees:* Sven, Micah, Gergely, Chase 

== Action Items ==
  * Update TIPP manifests in 20k leagues sample (Chase)
  * Ongoing TIPP 1.4 spec revisions (Chase)
  * Xliff:doc schema freeze for LW:P by March 23 (Micah)
  * TIPP schema freeze for LW:P by March 30 (Chase)

==Previous Action Items==
  * Get and submit LocWorld speaker bios + pics from Kilgray, XTM by March 2 (Micah) - *Done*
  * Integrate comments on 1.4 draft into a new version by March 14 (Chase) - *Rollover*
    * Settle on new names for tasks - *Ongoing discussion with Linport*
    * Add conformance/compatibility section - *Rollover*

== Notes ==
The main topic of discussion was the demo at LocWorld Paris, and what we need to do to achieve it.
   * What are the odds everything will get done?
   * Sven considers the odds of Ontram getting everything done "pretty good"
      * But thinks he has the easiest part of the chain to perform
   * Update from Gergely?
      * The main concern is the availability of developers
      * "Quite likely" that required memoQ steps will be ready by LocWorld
   * What about XTM?  They play a critical role in the demo as currently scheduled.
   * Micah: We should propose some deadlines so we can tell if we are off track
      * It would be better if Sven or Gergely (the tools people) did this
      * Sven:
         * Need schema freeze date
         * Then propose extra things
   * TIPP status?
      * Close to ready for freeze
      * We will sever ZAP from the demo, although we need to put it in the schema
   * When is schema freeze?
      * Proposed date for TIPP: end of March
      * Proposed date for XLIFF:doc end of next week (March 23)
   * Xliff:doc samples - there seem to be some schematic problems Micah is having, Sven will help
   * If we're dumping the ZAP for the demo, the TM tool can fill in for XTM if need be.  But it can't produce a TIPP.
   * Milestones
      * Final check
      * Micah: I'd love to have Ontram generating a package by May 1 so people can practice with the packages it generates.
         * Sven: I can offer you May 8
   * Action item: Update the TIPP sample using Micah's updated 20k leagues cliff:doc sample (Chase) 
   * Update on Linport, Linport's role on the presentation
      * Last section is "a panel discussion on the future of interop"