#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Sept 22, 2010

*Present:* Sven, Gabor, Peter.

*Also attended:* Micah Bly (Medtronics), Dag Schmidtke (Microsoft). 

*Apologies:* Derek.


*Interoperability Now Discussion*
  * We explained the ideas behind the project to Dag and Micah. There was general agreement that there is a need for an Interoperability Now Manifesto which clarifies the need and methodologies for interoperability between tools.

*XLIFF*
  * Micah has done some work looking at how different tools can be interoperable using XLIFF. This study also shows the areas where improvements in the toolsâ€™ support for XLIFF could create greater interoperability. Micah agreed to share this information with the group.

*Future Development*
  * There were various proposals for how the Interoperability Now project could get wider coverage and more people involved. It was agreed that it was too early to do this and we needed a draft of the manifesto and a pilot project before joining a standards body or trying to get more members involved.

*Pilot Project*
  * It was agreed that it was important to have a pilot project which demonstrates how an open interoperability standard can work. Sven mentioned that Kevin Lossner had suggested integrating ontram+ and memoQ. It was agreed that we would try and do this a pilot project. It was also agreed that if possible we would make the code used for this integration openly available.