#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Jan 14, 2011

*Present:* Sven, Gabor, Micah, Yann, Chase, Peter

*Apologies:* Derek.

*XLIFF:Doc*
  * Gábor said he found the document very impressive. 
  * He raised the issue of segmentation and whether this should be done at the trans-unit level or at the mrk way. It was agreed that the simpler way is to have it at that trans-unit level and we will go for that.
  * Peter asked about what about splitting and merging segments. It was agreed that this could be problematic. We agreed with what is currently in the document but   * Gábor would like to confirm this.
  * Gábor asked why it was decided to keep the source file external. It was pointed out that a word file as an internal skeleton could create a huge XLIFF file. 
  * Micah asked for feedback on the XHTML preview functionality. Gábor said that he was very enthusiastic about this. He asked about how we would deal with inline tags. Micah suggested that HTML might be better for previewing than XHTML as it is more forgiving.
  * Gábor raised whether it was possible to add notes to the source or target or to be able to highlight a few words and add a note to them. Micah suggested this could be achieved by adding a dx attribute ‘applies-to’. The translator would highlight a number of words and the tool would enter a note element with the ‘applies-to’ attribute referencing those words.
  * Gábor asked about QA information and the use of position. Micah also agreed that he was nervous of using position. An added space could cause problems. Gábor mentioned that memoQ uses a hash to check whether the positions are as they were supposed to. It was agreed that the team would look at this and report back.
  * Chase had a number of comments on HTML but said that he would do this by email.
  * Micah raised the comment on page 10 under Interpreting Tag Content for Users. He thinks this should be removed but would like feedback.

*Package:* 
  * Sven is behind with the package. He asked for Gábor to review this if possible.

*Organisation:* 
  * Sven stressed the importance of not losing momentum and it was important that we set targets for achieving this. Micah suggested it would be a good idea to set separate dates. It was agreed that we would get estimates on when the different can implement the functionality at our next meeting in two weeks. We would also need to have all the overdue feedback by the next meeting.
  * Peter volunteered to do a draft of the Interoperability-Now manifesto and would also do some thinking on how to expand the group and bring this to a standard.
  * Sven reported that he had some feedback form his lawyers but not a yes or no answer.
  * Sven asked whether we should have a joint presentation for Loc World. We agreed that we would get a proposal to this by January 20th. 
  * We agreed we had have a prototype by memoQfest in April and a more fuller prototype by LocWorld.

*Next Meeting:*
  * Wednesday January 26th at 9 AM PST/ 6 PM CET.