#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Dec 10, 2010

*Present:* Sven, Yann, Micah, Chase, Peter

*Apologies:* Gabor.

*XLIFF:Doc*
  * There were a number of comments on the XLIFF:Doc document.
  * Micah raised the issue of whether the package will support flavours of XLIFF other than XLIFF:Doc. It was agreed that this would be the format we use at the present but it could be extensible in the future. We had a brief discussion on XLIFF:Doc and how this could be used for an interoperable solutions. One area of concern was the terminology and QA markup which was introduced in XLIFF:Doc. Micah also asked for comments on the mrk element
  * Micah is going to review the XLIFF:Doc document 

*GlobalSight*
  * Yann announced that Chase would be the technical person involved in this call. Chase brings very strong technical capabilities to this team and should be included in emails.
  * Sven also mentioned that he would be getting his technical people more involved.

*Next steps*
  * Feedback is needed from Kilgray on XLIFF:Doc and Package
  * Sven will send around updated schema.
  * Micah will continue editing the XLIFF:Doc work.

*Next Meeting*
  * Friday January 14, 2010 at 4 PM CET/ 7 AM PDT