#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Mar 4, 2011

*Present:* Sven, Micah, Yan, Chase, Russ, Peter

*Apologies:* Derek, Gabor

*Manifesto*
  * It was suggested that maybe we should not have the sections on committee and structural part and these should be split from the manifesto part.
  * It was also suggested that the need to have a committee is something we should look at later. Sven and Yan suggested that we are getting more done by having a small group working together. 
  * It was agreed that the priorities are to get this work done and to open up this work.
  * Yan suggested that we could style ourselves as a crowd.
  * Micah suggested that the roadmap in the manifesto may not be a smooth as we think and we need to figure out when to open this up. 
  * Peter said he would like to open up this group once we get an implementation. Sven said it would be important to have a technical view on what is realistic. It was agreed that we would organise a developers meeting (Chase, Gabor, Ontram engineers). Micah said he would be able to get the next version of the XLIFF:Doc next week. When we got these and the sample files we will send them to the developers and organise this meeting.

*Localization World*
  * Proposal for Loc World was declined. This seems very strange. Micah will contact Chleo and Peter Daniel Goldschmidt

*XLIFF:Doc*
  * Micah has not been able to do the sample files due to other commitments. He would like to get the document shared very quickly. Micah will share this very soon.
  * Feedback from Gábor is still needed on the package.

*Talk on Interoperability Now*
  * Sven is giving a talk at the Multilingual Web conference which is organised by W3C and the EU.

*Next Meetings*
  * Full Meeting – March 25th 7 AM
  * Developer meeting should take place the week before this.