#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Sept 6, 2010

*Present:* Sven, Derek, Gabor, Yan, Peter.

*Interoperability Now Discussion*
  * We had a short discussion on the Interoperability Now manifesto and comments on the website. We discussed whether we should go down the package route or web services route. Derek mentioned that these were two elements of the same work. The first phase is to design the package. Once we have this package then we will have to look at web services.
  * Derek mentioned that he would like to see a joint development effort at least between the three systems. GlobalSight currently has GlobalSight to GlobalSight integration using XLIFF. The first instance does the leveraging. There can be as many workflow steps as you like. When there is a workflow step which creates a new project is a separate GlobalSight this sends an XLIFF file with the TM material stored as Alt-Trans units. The slave GlobalSights then does its steps and sends the files back. 
  * It was agreed that we should ensure that any file can be sent in the package. XLIFF was seen as a good starting point but it should be possible to accept other formats. It was also stressed that security handshakes described in Svenâ€™s ppt were very important. The idea of different levels of support was raised. For example we would want to see support for the Alt-trans element.
  * We agreed that it would be useful to see what should be in the package. We could then develop a matrix of the items which should be contained in the package. Sven will create a web page on the wiki for package. We first make the list of items which could be contained in the packaged then put them in matrix where they can be discussed

*Structure*
  * Peter outlined the issues with the LISA/ OASIS discussion on Translation Web services. 
  * We agreed that we want to have a definition of the package of a core group before going to a standards body. Yan mentioned that the Open TM are looking at the issue of interoperability between TMS systems. It was agreed that we do not want to have two groups discussing the same topics.

*Conference/ Publicity/ Communication*
  * It was agreed that we need to update our website so that there is more information available.
  * We agreed that the first Monday of every month at 4PM should be our set time to meet.
  * We agreed to meet up at the XLIFF symposium on Wednesday afternoon (preferably) or Thursday morning.