#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Sept 23, 2011

*Attendees*: Sven, Micah, Chase, Andrew, and Russ

==W3C Multilingual Workshop==
  * Sven was approached by Thomas about the need to combine initiatives
  * A lot of interesting conversation, expect more to come at TM-Europe

==TM-Europe Presentation==
  * Slide 15 (the solution) - OK to add company logos? Yes
  * Slide 16 (IN! history/team) - Update preso to say initiated by Sven and Smith, fix Welocalize part being washed out
  * Slide 17 (What TIPP is not) - Drop not lossy, not backwards compatible, not created by a standards body
  * Slide 20 (xliff:doc) - Say "xliff 1.2 elements in xliff:doc"
  * Slide 28 (xliff:doc and xliff tc) - Keep it, not much to talk to, won't be up long
  * Slide 30 (getting started) - Will upload and link to specs on google code page
  * Do we need a "where to go from here" page? Yes
  * General comments
    * Condense to make things more succinct
    * Micah has been working to use graphics instead of words, cutting down on number of words on each slide (keeping content in slide notes)

==TM-Europe Demo==
  * Chase syncing with Timo today
  * Testing to make sure kit from Ontram can be imported by GlobalSight
  * Ontram and GlobalSight instances will be on internet
  * 2 versions of schema - One is compatible with JAXB and one isn't

==Warsaw Logistics==
  * Chase and Andrew will be in communication for GlobalSight demo
  * Everyone will be at XLIFF symposium, meet there and hash out a plan