#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Jan 26, 2011

*Present:* Sven, Micah, Chase, Peter

*Apologies:* Gabor, Yann, Derek.

*HTML Preview:*
  * We are awaiting feedback from Gabor/ Kilgray. 
  * Micah will also be sending more feedback.
  * Micah went through the feedback from Chase. Sven asked what we want to achieve. Micah stated that any tool would be able to give a preview to the translator. This could be done by just representing the translatables as a table. Sven raised the issue of what the HTML preview gains over XSLT. Ontram uses XSLT to create a preview for translators. Sven argued that the best way of doing the preview was through XSLT. It was agreed that we should take this approach. Sven will write an explanation of this and forward it to Micah. 
  * Micah clarified the issue of "Providing HTML Representations of Tags".

*Grouping:* 
  * Micah discussed XLIFF:Doc with Yves Savourel and he raised the use of groupings. At present we only have group which shows which segments can be joined and which cannot. We agreed to go down the attribute way.

*Allowing other people to access documents:* 
  * There are a number of people who have expressed interest in this work. We agreed that Sven would come up with general slides explaining this project and we would improve our communication with the wider community. We agreed that we would invite a small group of people to review our work. We agreed that Micah would ask Yves, Sven would ask Christian Lieske and Peter would ask David Filip. 
  * The current plan is that we will get the work done on the reference implementations and the Interoperability-Now manifesto before opening this to a wider group.

*Next Meeting:*
  * Wednesday January 26th at 9 AM PST/ 6 PM CET.

