#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes May 27, 2011

*Proposed agenda for next meeting*:
  * Use cases (Micah)
  * Cool list (Micah)
  * Preview (Sven)
  * Sample document (Sven)
  * Package (Chase)
  * XLIFF:doc (Chase)
  * Skeleton file (Chase)
  * Manifesto (Peter)
 
*Action items for next meeting*:
  * Add beta integration milestone to schedule (Russ) - *Done*
  * Draft use cases (Micah)
  * Draft a list of “cool” features to demo (Micah)
  * Work on preview implementation (Sven)
  * Moving forward, maintain the schedule and send out weekly updates (meeting notes, action items, etc.) to help keep things on track (Russ)
  * Work with Jörg on package issues (Chase)
  * Get help from the Kilgray development team with XLIFF:doc validation (Peter)
  * Review and provide Peter feedback on the manifesto (Chase)
  * Send out invite for next meeting (Sven) - *Done*
 
*NOTE*: Updated the schedule with details above
 
*Notes from May 27 meeting*
 
*Attendees*: Peter, Sven, Micah, Chase, and Russ
 
*Discussed*
  * Draft schedule
  * Scope of demo and next steps
  * Manifesto
  * Package
  * Next meeting time and agenda
 
*Decisions*
  * Draft schedule
    * Need to add a beta integration milestone early in development
  * Scope of demo and next steps
    * Minimum scope is package (TIP), XLIFF:doc updates, and preview
    * Use cases would be helpful for both the demo and for development
      * Micah suggested that we try and show how the file goes from tool to tool including terminology and showing the tool in preview
      * Sven suggested a before and after demo where we show the pain in current interoperability and then show how it is improved by XLIFF:doc
      * Micah will write up Kevin Lossner use case: Customer has Ontram > LSP who has GlobalSight > Translator with memoQ
    * Reference content will be XML with some images
    * Sven will take the lead on preview (HTML generated from the XML content via XSLT)
    * Peter to get someone from memoQ to look at the XLIFF:doc validation issues
    * Key things to show:
      * No TM loss
      * Use your tool of choice
    * Need to identify and assign people to work on development tasks over the next two weeks
      * It’s important ensure that we engage the right people on each team (e.g., Gabor needs to sign off on any development at Kilgray) to ensure we avoid bottlenecks
  * Manifesto
    * Chase will review and provide Peter feedback
  * Package
    * Chase will work with Jörg to try to sort out the package issues
  * Next meeting will be focused on developer topics