#summary Interoperability Now! Meeting Notes Dec 16, 2011

*Attendees*: Peter (Kilgray), Gergely (Kilgray), GÃ¡bor (Kilgray), Oliver (Ontram), Sven (Ontram), Micah (Medtronic), Chase (Spartan), and Russ (Welocalize)

==Action items==
  * Publish a new version of the xliff:doc spec by Fri. Dec 23 (Micah)
  * Send Alan a note that we'll respond to his Linport questions by Fri. Dec 16 (Chase)
  * Send a digest of Linport open items and proposed responses for the group to respond to by Fri. Dec 16 (Chase)
  * Respond to Alan with Linport feedback by Fri. Dec 23 (Chase)
  * Send suggestions on timing for the next major IN! milestone and firm up the goal by Fri. Dec 23 (Everyone)
  * Send out a digest of TIPP open items (task types and multilingual package support) including concerns and proposed solutions for everyone to respond to by Fri. Dec 16 (Chase)
  * Resolve TIPP open items by Fri. Dec 23 (Chase)
  * Email Welocalize and XTM about getting involved by Fri. Dec 23 (Sven)
  * Set up a meeting with a technical sub-group (tool support/implementers) by Fri. Dec 23 (Gergely)
  * Brief/ramp up Gergely via a skype meeting by Tues. Dec 20 (Sven)
  * Re-send a summary of the web site migration to Google code by Fri. Dec 23 (Russ)
  * Send out invites for the next IN! meeting by Fri. Dec 23 (Russ)

==Discussed==
1) xliff:doc
  * Micah will post a new version by Fri. Dec 23
  * Will embed versioning details
  * Incorporate feedback from Andy and XTM, terminology changes

2) New team members
  * Gergely Vandor (Kilgray) joined us!
  * He is the Lifecycle Manager and will be implementing support in MemoQ
  * Responsible for file formats among many other things

3) Linport
  * We need to respond some questions
  * Chase will be the main contact
  * Alan wants to define the operations for accessing a Linport package as an API
    * We don't have the resources and time to do that, he should tackle separately
  * Chase will provide a digest to the group, everyone will help with any feedback required
  * Chase will send Alan a quick note to let him know that a response is coming

4) Next major milestone
  * Micah would like to target something for spring 2012
  * Sven agreed
  * Chase suggested trying LocWorld Paris or MemoQ Fest
  * Everyone will send suggestions
  * LocWorld call for papers ends Jan 9

5) TIPP
  * Started a discussion, but stalled
    * Hardcoding task types or make more flexible? E.g., IN! set of supported tasks. Sven good with this approach, original concern was complexity.
  * Chase will re-send discussion, everyone will try to get feedback by next Fri. Dec 23
  * Chase will send out concerns on multilingual package format, Sven will get up to speed on the topic

6) Implementation
  * Get the right people talking about the implementation, smaller sub-group
  * Gergely, Ontram engineer, Welocalize (pending a contact), XTM, and Chase
  * Gergely will set up a call
  * Implementers
    * Sven will email Derek and Smith about Welocalize support, Chase can advise for GlobalSight
    * Sven will email XTM

7) Web site move to Google Code
  * Russ will re-send out email for feedback on what to migrate and proposed home page contents

8) Need to get back on a regular meeting schedule
  * Next meeting: Fri. Jan 6, 7 am pt
  * Send invite to Welocalize and XTM by Fri. Dec 23

9) Gergely ramp-up
  * Sven will set up a skype call next week with Gergely, shoot for Mon. Dec 19
  * Will take notes for new technical team members in the future